feat(ecs-patterns): support disabling CPU-based scaling and custom target utilization (#28315)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk-lib/aws-ecs-patterns/README.md

when queue not provided by user, CDK will create a primary queue and a dead letter queue with default redrive policy and attach permission to the task to be able to access the primary queue.

NOTE: This construct add a CPU Based scaling strategy by default, if this is not required in any solution please disable this by setting `disableCpuBasedScaling` to `true`.

```ts
declare const cluster: ecs.Cluster;
const queueProcessingFargateService = new ecsPatterns.QueueProcessingFargateService(this, 'Service', {
  cluster,
  memoryLimitMiB: 512,
  image: ecs.ContainerImage.fromRegistry('test'),
  command: ["-c", "4", "amazon.com"],
  enableLogging: false,
  desiredTaskCount: 2,
  environment: {
    TEST_ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE1: "test environment variable 1 value",
    TEST_ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE2: "test environment variable 2 value",
  },
  maxScalingCapacity: 5,
  containerName: 'test',
  disableCpuBasedScaling: true,
});
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To specify a custom target CPU utilization percentage for the scaling strategy use the `targetUtilizationPercent` property:

```ts
declare const cluster: ecs.Cluster;
const queueProcessingFargateService = new ecsPatterns.QueueProcessingFargateService(this, 'Service', {
  cluster,
  memoryLimitMiB: 512,
  image: ecs.ContainerImage.fromRegistry('test'),
  command: ["-c", "4", "amazon.com"],
  enableLogging: false,
  desiredTaskCount: 2,
  environment: {
    TEST_ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE1: "test environment variable 1 value",
    TEST_ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE2: "test environment variable 2 value",
  },
  maxScalingCapacity: 5,
  containerName: 'test',
  targetUtilizationPercent: 35,
});
```
Let's provide documentation for both properties.

Author: Thanks, added and updated.

when queue not provided by user, CDK will create a primary queue and a dead letter queue with default redrive policy and attach permission to the task to be able to access the primary queue.

> NOTE: This construct adds a CPU Based scaling strategy by default, if this is not required in any solution please disable this by setting `disableCpuBasedScaling` to `true`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Note: `QueueProcessingFargateService` adds a CPU Based scaling strategy by default. You can turn this off by setting `disableCpuBasedScaling: true`.
```

Author: Updated thanks.

```ts
declare const cluster: ecs.Cluster;
const queueProcessingFargateService = new ecsPatterns.QueueProcessingFargateService(this, 'Service', {
  cluster,
  memoryLimitMiB: 512,
  image: ecs.ContainerImage.fromRegistry('test'),
  command: ["-c", "4", "amazon.com"],
  enableLogging: false,
  desiredTaskCount: 2,
  environment: {
    TEST_ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE1: "test environment variable 1 value",
    TEST_ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE2: "test environment variable 2 value",
  },
  maxScalingCapacity: 5,
  containerName: 'test',
  disableCpuBasedScaling: true,
});
```

> To specify a custom target CPU utilization percentage for the scaling strategy use the  `cpuTargetUtilizationPercent` property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify a custom target CPU utilization percentage for the scaling strategy use the  `cpuTargetUtilizationPercent` property:
```

Author: Thanks Updated.

when queue not provided by user, CDK will create a primary queue and a dead letter queue with default redrive policy and attach permission to the task to be able to access the primary queue.

NOTE: This construct adds a CPU Based scaling strategy by default, if this is not required in any solution please disable this by setting `disableCpuBasedScaling` to `true`.

```ts
declare const cluster: ecs.Cluster;
const queueProcessingFargateService = new ecsPatterns.QueueProcessingFargateService(this, 'Service', {
  cluster,
  memoryLimitMiB: 512,
  image: ecs.ContainerImage.fromRegistry('test'),
  command: ["-c", "4", "amazon.com"],
  enableLogging: false,
  desiredTaskCount: 2,
  environment: {
    TEST_ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE1: "test environment variable 1 value",
    TEST_ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE2: "test environment variable 2 value",
  },
  maxScalingCapacity: 5,
  containerName: 'test',
  disableCpuBasedScaling: true,
});
```

> If the CPU based scaling is required, To specify a custom target CPU utilization percentage for the scaling strategy use the  `cpuTargetUtilizationPercent` property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify a custom target CPU utilization percentage for the scaling strategy use the  `cpuTargetUtilizationPercent` property:
```

Author: Thanks, updated.

```ts

> declare const cluster: ecs.Cluster;
> const queueProcessingFargateService = new ecsPatterns.QueueProcessingFargateService(this, 'Service', {
>   cluster,
>   memoryLimitMiB: 512,
>   image: ecs.ContainerImage.fromRegistry('test'),
>   command: ["-c", "4", "amazon.com"],
>   enableLogging: false,
>   desiredTaskCount: 2,
>   environment: {
>     TEST_ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE1: "test environment variable 1 value",
>     TEST_ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE2: "test environment variable 2 value",
>   },
>   maxScalingCapacity: 5,
>   containerName: 'test',
>   cpuTargetUtilizationPercent: 90,
> });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
declare const cluster: ecs.Cluster;
const queueProcessingFargateService = new ecsPatterns.QueueProcessingFargateService(this, 'Service', {
  cluster,
  memoryLimitMiB: 512,
  image: ecs.ContainerImage.fromRegistry('test'),
  command: ["-c", "4", "amazon.com"],
  enableLogging: false,
  desiredTaskCount: 2,
  environment: {},
  maxScalingCapacity: 5,
  cpuTargetUtilizationPercent: 90,
});
```
Let's simplify this a bit.

Reviewer 3: Thanks updated.

Author: Thanks, updated.
